c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\MuziqApp.dll.config
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\MuziqApp.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\MuziqApp.pdb
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\MuziqApp.dll
c:\users\papa.bengu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\MuziqApp.pdb
C:\Users\papa.bengu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Commons.dll
C:\Users\papa.bengu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\papa.bengu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\papa.bengu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\papa.bengu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Commons.pdb
C:\Users\papa.bengu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\papa.bengu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\papa.bengu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\papa.bengu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\MuziqApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\MuziqApp.dll.config
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\MuziqApp.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\MuziqApp.pdb
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\MuziqApp.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\MuziqApp.pdb
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\MuziqApp.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\bin\Resources\default.jpeg
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\MuziqApp.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\MuziqApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Papa\Desktop\Dev\MuziqApp\MuziqApp\obj\Debug\MuziqApp.csproj.CopyComplete
